Make `TOKEN_EXPIRED` code 4109, change client logic based on error ranges (#1025)
liveblocks/liveblocks: docs/pages/api-reference/liveblocks-client.mdx

### Room.subscribe("error") [#Room.subscribe.error]

> Subscribe to unrecoverable room connection errors. This event will be emitted

Reviewer: ```
unrecoverable
```
Thanks for adding this 👍

right before the client disconnects and won’t try reconnecting again.

Returns an unsubscribe function.

```ts
const unsubscribe = room.subscribe("error", (error) => {

>   switch (error.code) {

Reviewer 2: I'm considering typing error as it's always manually thrown by us to use an enum to avoid the switch with random numbers, what do you think? No need to do that right now

Author: Maybe. Would have to think about it. I wouldn't want to advertise the `WebsocketCloseCodes` enum publicly. Maybe a different one? Not doing it now anyway, let's punt on this for later.

    case -1:
      // Authentication error
      break;

    case 4001:
      // Could not connect because you don't have access to this room
      break;

    case 4005:
      // Could not connect because room was full
      break;

    default:
      // Unexpected error
      break;
  }
});
```

> You can use this event to trigger a “Not allowed” screen/dialog. If you want to
> offer retrying connecting, call `room.reconnect()`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use this event to trigger a “Not allowed” screen/dialog. If you’d like to
retry connecting, call `room.reconnect()`.
```
